Ashivitha 

Reading - this is a job not a project 

but - reading 

Understand 
1
Cognitiive testing and different cognitive domains 

2.
Understand chrontype and it's influence on cog domains and performance

3. 
Understand JetLag as a desync disorder - how does it effect cognition etc.. 

4. 

Why are Formula racing athletes at risk? 
 Hint - lifestyle - Look at the F1 schedule, look at how long it takes to recover from Jet lang - how often are F1 drivers in the jet lag phase - try to quantify the effects - so a reduction in attention of 20 percent means what - fun math problem 
If the car is moving at 200 mph - and their cognition is .5ms slower than normal - what distance would they travel 

Understand risks -

Cool video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zGaXl07dCg

What Can we do to reduce the effects of JEtLag on DRivers 


-----

Actual Project
Everyone has a natural chronotye - people are generally split into groups - early birds, night owls and mixed - 
BUT 
Everyone under 24 in full time education is forced to work during set school hours - that generally favors 'Early Birds' and is a disadvantage to Night Owls and Mixed chronotypes

We know this has an effect on cognition and - Cognition is learning - so some students (early birds are at a natural advantage 

We want to take what we learned from F1 drivers and use it to improve performance in learning 

- So 
Recruit 10 people - from 13 to 24 who are in full time education 
1. Determine their Chronotyppe 
2. Determine their academic schedule 
3. Determine their activity, diet etc.. 

For first time users and the younger ones - you can zoom call to supervise them when taking the tests. 


Play - Prep Games and Play Cognifit tests - then 

Project aim 2 - Validate the games/tests on The Prep website 



Ask them to take cognitive tests 3 times a day - morning, afternoon and night time 

DEtermine the impact of time of day Vs Cogntive performance 

Does it match with chronotype 

Is it consistent 






Launch website  - Host and test 
r


Color Sort - Add message when last level is reached 



Add sound to pattern memory test

Should we add simon test?


Add Timing - First time - logging in - Show Story 
 - after 3 days - open up quiz 
 - same again at different times of day 



Modify the Survival Game to be more child friendly 

Remove the death option - keep the logic the same 


Change the popups from windows default 





Lets go through story elements and make game more suitable for 13 - 18 year old 

Step 1 of survival 

You need to get warm! 

You need to drink 

You need to eat 


Remove the Adventure Log - remove some of the langualge
















