










Thomas Obee
Hi Thomas. 
Thanks for taking part in the trial to date: This weeks post Shangihia to see how Jet Las modifies cognitive performance

Please take these tests when you get a chance ideally as early this week as you can..


https://intervention.cognifit.com/professional/access?l=en&c=aw1MrV7imqcLfHrEVMAbIOuGkaf4Huqa84RbIZViCsyGFlIGfUWDyZ


We may try to organize  a soom call

Wearing your wathc is benefifical but we do not require this informaction so pleast take the above tests 


At the end of this week we will no longer track your watch - 

If you would like to return the watch - you can give it to Patrick Cooreny who will collect the watches and return them when you can. 


The next stage - we will are analyzing the data from the team at Jaguar and other volunteers and compiling a variety of reports and papers so will 
Theorugh this we will create a personalized report and will also share any published papers with you. 

Thanks again!! 

Please let me know if there are any questions or areas of intetest you may have in your cognitive profile etc.. 



Thanks

Alan 





Survival Game 

Level 1: 
Island Survival 

First Screen - Pop up intro Screen with the message

Then a warning - You are Freezing - Get 




UI
Remove the weather icon and add effects instead turn the screen blue when cold






Finish Level 1 - 
As basis of all other levels 





Finding 


What is the behavior when a fire is burning - it should cool slower 

Hunger and thirst warnings should reflect real values - in sleep 

Timing system error 
















Timing is accurate 

Weather behavior - 

Story elements

Let's add weather behavior 

Then get the numbers to reflect reality a bit more

Stress - should go down slower than all others - in case of events that cause great stress. 

For stress - all users should get one warning before death - to take an action to improve stress (Give them 3 hours) 

For thirst - users should get one warning before death to take an action to improve stress ( give them 3 hours)

For hunger - users should get one warning before death 

All death messages should reflect the cause of death:

Stress - You collapse into the sand in a state of shock

Hunger - The hunger is just too much you can no longer function

Thirst - Thirst is overwhelming - you can't think anymore



Confirm behaviours - 

Fire 

Sleeping 







How to increase health - when Energy is above 20, warmth is above 60 , hunger is above 30, thirst is above 30 and stress is above 25 then health will slowly increase - when it is not it slowly decreases. 

In game elements will improve health 

Searching the wreckage (Story point 1 ) 
You see the ship (knowing the name of the ship helps you calm down - you remember you are a sailor) (Stress improves by 5 



Improve Story 

Remove - The search the wreckage option 



Drink from the tide pool - story options

Add Move option - takes one hour 
Move - You walk 2 miles along the beach (On move - walk along the beach) 

In the Area - 
New options appear 
 - Such as Tide Pool 
 - Search the wreckage 
 

Let's create some other options that appear after moving 
 - You find a fishing net! 

 - You see an deep hole in the sand - is there a crab inside? 




Let's add some more elements to the areas 

Lets' say 40% of the time when the player moves they don't find anything outside the normal optopns 
Occassionaly a new option will come up - Such as 

You find a tangled fishing net buried in the sand
(+1 Net added to inventory. Useful for fishing or trapping)

You see a deep hole in the sand — could there be a crab inside?
(Choice: Reach in — Risk: bite/injury, Reward: food)
Sometimes you get the crab for food - sometimes it bites you - and reduces health

A tide pool glistens nearby, teeming with strange life
(Option: Drink → risky, or investigate → potential small fish/shellfish)
Sometimes you find fish for food - or water for drinking 


A crate from the shipwreck has washed ashore
(Choice: Open it — Risk: injury, Reward: supplies or tools)
You find some medicine ! (+ 5 health points) 


You spot footprints — yours, or someone (or something) else’s?
Story element - Am I really alone here? 
(Creates suspense — may lead to a future encounter)




Landing Area - Options 


You see wreckage in the distance:
Search the wreckage

There is a pool of dark looking water: 
Drink from a tide pool 





Move - 1 hour  (You move away from your base) so the fire is no longer available


After 5th Move 

Move to Level 1 - Area 2 
Normal options + 
You find a tangled fishing net buried in the sand
(+1 Net added to inventory. Useful for fishing or trapping)

You see a deep hole in the sand — could there be a crab inside?
(Choice: Reach in — Risk: bite/injury, Reward: food)
Sometimes you get the crab for food - sometimes it bites you - and reduces health



Move to Level 1 - Area 3 
A tide pool glistens nearby, teeming with strange life
(Option: Drink → risky, or investigate → potential small fish/shellfish)
Sometimes you find fish for food - or water for drinking 


A crate from the shipwreck has washed ashore
(Choice: Open it — Risk: injury, Reward: supplies or tools)
You find some medicine ! (+ 5 health points) 


Move to Level 1 - Area 4 
You spot footprints — yours, or someone (or something) else’s?
Story element - Am I really alone here? 
(Creates suspense — may lead to a future encounter)


Move to Level 1 - Area 5 
You encounter a large cliff surrounding the inner island - if your health is above 80 you can climb it to see the rest of the island




Finish Game! 


Scoring System

Chat bot tomorrow




Add a section called '
In the Area 
and have 





Walk to new areas within level
New option shows up - risky or not 


Fire 
Need to be able to add fuel to fire 
Is fire burning time correct - 3 hours left 
1 hours - fire 

Cooking food should take 1 hour - change time 
Boil water - 15 minutes (time is different) 
Make sure fire aligns with burning time










10.30am 

Find Food - 2 hours - is 4.5 hours (On clock) 
Find Water - should take 1 hour but shows as 5.5
Find wood - similar

6am
+ 2hours - Forgage for wood - 8am)
Build a fire - should take 30 minutes (takes 2.5) 10.30
Search the wreckage - should tak 60 minutes - take 2.5 
Look for wood - then takes 6 hours should take 2
Drink from Tidepool 


6am 
forage for wood - 2 hours - 8am 
start a fire - 30 mins - 8.30
Find food - 2 hours - 10.30am 
Find water - 1 hour - ok - 11.30am 
Fnid wook - 2 hours - 1.30pm
Rest - 1 hour - 30mins

Timing system in working - now let's work on the inventory system -
We want to the amount of firewood used to equal the length a fire will burin for 
1 wood - equals 2 hours 
2 wood - equals 4 hours
3 = 6 - ask the user how much wood they want to use
So for instance they can sleep through the night for 8 hours if they have enough wood

Find 3 wood - each hour of fire requires 1 wood 



What is ChronType

How it affects your Grades / studies

Some people are morning / some are late


HOW PREP WORKS  as part of intro page

WITH PREP WE CAN 1. Understand Your Chronotype

Determine 

Emphasise this point

We use this information to improve your learning ability through guided lifestyle change. 



Project for Ashvitha


Theory - Research 
Formula E - Learn about formula racing
Understand - cognitive domains 
Understand the theoretical relationship between cognitive domains and sleep 
Understand the relationship between jet lag and cog domains 


Initial Project 
Use Race Schedules to determine when Formula Racers are in the Jet Lag phase of and determine the cognitive cost in practical terms

Data Analysis 

Data Files containing Activity data  

I want you to understand what aspects of the users activity have most impact on their sleep - outside Jet Lag 

USE AI! I only care about results! 
To 
Download Python and Numerical analysis package
Get the Data Files 
'Clean' the data - Try to understand what this means 
Do a statistical analysis - of activity factors (stress, heart rate, Spo2) Vs sleep 
What happens in the day Vs Sleep Staging, what happened in the week before vs average sleep staging ... 

Questions like this
Does time of day of stress, effect sleep and sleep staging 
Does activity type or intensity effect sleep and sleep staging  



an or 

Experimental Design 
Apply this in a practical sense to people your own page - specifically students from middle school to full time education 
How does schedule effect their cognitive performance - what changes can we make to improve 
How would we test this

or
Validate Cog tests against people your own age - 



and marketing (non science) 
How do you market an app - consumer app vs business to business 
Look at how facebook initially mareted their products 
Look at breal? and how they marketed their product 
Target market is Indian and Asian Students 


and or 
Create a pitch deck for the company - 






























